Christina Harrell.
7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy Monday.
Christina Haro: Happy Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got your coffee.
Christina Haro: I got my copy
Gwenevere Abriel: Of it. Did you already swing by virtual clinic this morning.
Christina Haro: Yes, I did.
Christina Haro: Good girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note open for you. And it looks like you've got this nicely set up where your hands are free, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you happen to have a couple of items kind of next to it about a foot apart.
Christina Haro: I'm like, what do we need
Gwenevere Abriel: Just in case we do some em, Dr. And I want to test the setting. Can you maybe grab something that's a little taller than your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And put it about a foot and a half apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, like a water bottle or a vase or yeah a little statue or something.
Christina Haro: Okay, I'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I take your time.
Christina Haro: My to copy things, is that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That looks really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So would you say they're about maybe you know the length of maybe a piece of paper or a little lighter
Christina Haro: Um, yeah, the right on the side of the book. I'm on the phone. So, yeah.
All right. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just taking a second to open up a note and kind of see where we left off. But while I'm doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you been noticing as far as where your mind has been going kind of your distress level this week. Any nightmares kind of bring into your world a little bit
Christina Haro: Um, no, no nightmares good genes. I've been drugged me, my parents, which is that
Christina Haro: Which is good because I've been
Christina Haro: I've been I dad, my mom. I'm in the sense of not the early years, but the later years, like when I was taking care of her and stuff, which were good years
Wow.
Christina Haro: So, um, yeah. I haven't had any nightmares.
Christina Haro: I've been. I've been busy looking for a job and not just been keeping busy really
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you keep busy. What do you do
Christina Haro: A read and then I've been out in about looking for a job. I'm
Christina Haro: Helping my daughter move, I, I've been really busy with that. So yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're older daughter that you're helping move
Christina Haro: Know my other daughter. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to write if I can keep keep the names in here. So I want to keep track of your family may see what I got here. All right. We've got what is older daughters name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rena Rena and this is the one you kind of have a little bit of a contentious relationship with
Christina Haro: Oh yeah, yeah, she she lives in Dallas.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how often do you talk to her.
I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the last time you talked to her.
Christina Haro: Um, the day she walked out of here and stormed out mad. That was the last day. It was probably a little before Halloween maybe
Christina Haro: The
Christina Haro: 27th of October, maybe. So we're there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the name of the doctor you're helping move
Christina Haro: Clara. She's also with the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Claire's in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Oh my goodness. All right. Did she just start
Christina Haro: She started before me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay okay okay who she's seeing for her counselor.
Christina Haro: I have no idea. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Christina Haro: We try not to talk about it, we pick the best. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the only. So, so far it's not an issue because there hasn't been an overlap. She hasn't been referred to me if she ever were. I continue working with you. And then I would make sure she was with someone else. Okay.
Christina Haro: Yes. Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So your daughter. How old is Clara.
Christina Haro: Clara. She is 24
Christina Haro: I hope. Yes, yes, will be 24 this year.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will this Kareena
Christina Haro: cleanest 30
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is your son.
Christina Haro: My oldest son 29 what's his name.
Christina Haro: Martin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the one that lives with you.
Christina Haro: Um, he is
Christina Haro: He'll be 21 in a few months, couple months.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun, fun. Okay. And is this all your children.
Christina Haro: That's it, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so one in one lecture with you. And how's he doing he got hurt recently. Is he okay
Christina Haro: Yeah, good. Yeah, he's fine, he's recovering he's doing that. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Let's see. Where did we leave off. I think I was. Let me see if I was working on anchor room with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: continue developing anchor room and let's see monster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Do you remember spending any more time after we ended that session kind of thinking about that some people do some people don't think about it again. They leave everything sort of in here in therapy. Do you remember kind of continuing to process it.
Christina Haro: I thought I thought about it for a bit, you know, maybe for a few minutes of stuff I thought about. I sat there and I thought about effects of coffee kind of went over it. And then I said, Okay, you know, then I let it go.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, let's go back up here as we start to move towards the MTR. Oh, right. So, um, let's spend. I've got my protective nurturing and wise figure developed here with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a pretty good. We see feels happy this time. Yes. Come back early. Yeah. See you were able to go out with your friends and go out, have fun with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think that room that you develop the anchor room if you ever hear me say, let's go to this sort of anchor room. This would be the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so now let's do something else, another metaphor. We're going to do a container and you may have done it in group with me and it just didn't get transcribed in here, you remember doing that, where I said it has to be big enough and strong enough to hold all your stuff.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your container.
Christina Haro: Uh,
Christina Haro: I think my container was a lunch box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lunch Box. Oh my gosh, okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So it is a lunch box and
Gwenevere Abriel: All your stuff is all of the emotional stuff. So just think for a moment. It's okay. But for you that lunch box is big enough.
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how it's strong enough.
Christina Haro: I think it's strong enough because up
Christina Haro: It's it's metal. Okay. And I, and I can close it. I can classic closed.
Christina Haro: I also carry it around with me. So to me, that was like the thing for me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And could if you wanted to, you could leave that behind right
Christina Haro: I could put it down in the behind
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because maybe we don't want to carry it around. You know what I mean.
Christina Haro: But to me, at that time, you know, that's what I was carrying around with me. So that was like most obvious thing. Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can change it to. So right now, when you think that this you know for a moment when you dip into
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the sort of painful recollection of you the treatment of your mother and that distinction between why me and why and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Mom. I wish, I wish you have had the resources you know had friends and didn't take things out on the all of that. Now, when you think of that is that lunchbox STILL A GOOD PLACE. A good container that's big enough and strong enough.
Christina Haro: Just checking in on it. Yes, yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything
Gwenevere Abriel: On the lunch box. Is it a specific color or anything.
Christina Haro: Well to me when I first when I first thought of the lunch box. To me it was like, I'm one of those cartoon lunch boxes like
Christina Haro: Like the Snoopy ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Okay. What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to know if it had any like anything on it, you know, very cool. Okay, so it's a cartoon Snoopy metal lunch box with a class and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get a sense if there's a lock on it.
Christina Haro: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that stuff is going to want to stay in there. If there's no lock what's in there. What's making it so that stuff that emotional stuff is going to want to stay
Christina Haro: I think to me. It's up to me if I open it or not. So I just leave it shut up. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll stay shot if it's class, it'll stay shut
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, next one. Let's do another another metaphor, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about a distancing metaphor. And I'm going to give you an example. If you like the one I kind of share, then we could use that one if something else comes up if another image comes up for you. I want to go with yours. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this idea of of imagery and we're calling it a distancing metaphor is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say something comes up for you and maybe even in session, we have something that's like heavy you know as hard it was distressing up there in that 70 range, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're nearing the end of the session or maybe you just want to use this this metaphor to put a little bit of distance between the intensity of an emotion. You could do this. You could picture yourself on the shore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right of a lake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a river or stream.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you look out on a log or a leaf, right, which you see is that image floating away it's floating further away from you and what a year with on the shore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is all of the qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Of
Gwenevere Abriel: The wise figure of you know yourself and your dad. Right. And this unconditional loving guardian angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can be on the shore and sort of be present with this and do some imagery and picture of moving away or thoughts are very powerful right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what's going on right now you're using your brain right now, we can summon up even feelings by thinking and we can pull them up from the hippocampus, we can drive them out from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can be thinking about our thoughts are very powerful. So if we can drag out stuff from memory. Why then, we can also turn our attention to something positive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we monitor right where we attend is what we modify. So if you think about I want to spend my minutes I want to spend my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being in a positive confident was nurturing protected safe place. You will be rewiring your brain when you do it and it's neat. It's cool to think that just by spending time and imagery, you could be changing your brain that's pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's cool about it is what you'll be doing is you'll be having that imagery, while you were in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what gets remembered. Oh, I can manage my stress, I can manage my upset feelings and not go to rage or anger or anything. You know, I need or
Gwenevere Abriel: collapse into depression or sadness and I don't have to have us a drug, right, or an alcohol. So it's pretty amazing. You think it's over simplified, but our brain will baby. It's powerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so that's one. Or what about a train right you can picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just those cars are moving further and further down the track.
Christina Haro: I like to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one do you like
Gwenevere Abriel: The train. Oh, tell me about what you see now let's get into what you picture get into the size, shape, color speed all that
Christina Haro: This is just a regular black train, you know, with a lot of cars. And the reason that that just popped into my mind is this when I was little. We live close to railroad tracks and that's one thing I would like to see when I was little.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. Yeah, so that's great. Okay, so it's a lack
Gwenevere Abriel: Train with a lot of cars.
Love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's moving down the tracks. You can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it was a fast, kind of, how would you describe the speed
Christina Haro: I'm not too fast, so you know it's it's moving that that at a slow speed, but it's moving. Okay. Slow speed. Okay.
There we go. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great. Now I'd like to spend a little bit of time working on
Gwenevere Abriel: Adding more elements to your the suds remember how I did. What's your 50% I don't have it in here. I gotta track that down, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get a little. I wanted to be a little bit more robust
Gwenevere Abriel: When I had asked you if you if you ever hear me say, oh, I didn't do that in group. I wasn't there that day, tell me again what that is never be shy. You can say, I don't remember doing that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I forget who was in a group, a month ago. And when I did an activity. I just can't keep track of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And especially with my Friday group I oftentimes don't end up doing the behavioral health piece I end up kind of processing what's going on in group in the moment that group tends to miss out on some of some of the more structured interventions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, does that sound familiar. I'll show you what it is it's subjective unit of distress and I had you. Do you remember it.
Christina Haro: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Do you remember what your 50% WAS WHEN YOU COULD STILL THINK IT WAS distressing certainly wasn't 100 and there was no dissociation. Do you remember what 15
Christina Haro: Minutes. I think my, my, I think my 50 was my son, my youngest son.
Christina Haro: When I told you, because you had asked what was, what, what my says level was and I said it was like 50 to 60 and then you asked me why. And I told you it was when my son.
Christina Haro: I would tell my son for you going and you tell me that he was going out and I would get upset and tell him you know will tell me where you're at, or call me let me know where you're at, because I get upset. I'd be worried about him leaving walking out the door, not coming back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So afraid he won't come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: OR IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE AFRAID OF
Christina Haro: Just I'm not afraid of him not coming back. What is going to happen to him, you know, and he's not coming back. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to check something and see why that didn't get transferred from the previous note, okay, because I do remember that I remember that really well. Let me just check the one on 130
Gwenevere Abriel: It should have moved me followed. It's bizarre know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's my check the group note.
You 124
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, it was on 124 see it when youngest son walks out the door does not tell me where he's going. I get mad but not to the point of where I will blow up.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, alright, cool, cool, cool. I'm gonna grab that one copy. Yeah, just didn't, it didn't follow the note, I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Okay, so let's see let's do, let's give it an exact number. You said it's between 50 and 60 you can move it some other time. But what is it we have all the way from zero to 100, you might as well. Pick a number that really feels right.
Christina Haro: So by the 60 because it's much higher level than the lower level. Exactly. Let me move it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Move it to 60 and the emotion is fear, I'm afraid.
Christina Haro: Yes Beer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And during that experience when he does that has done that, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's the belief that you have about yourself. Or we could start with what do you yet. Let's do that one. The below. This is a hard thing to get to. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Be patient with it if it takes a while. So this is going on picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you don't want them to. Or there was something right, you get into that imagery and just sort of get into the worst part of that. The Worst Picture THE WORST piece of that image and see if you can get in touch with what your thoughts are about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then see if you can answer finish this sentence for you know what it says about me. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your thoughts, dude. Let me see if I can get in there with yet.
Christina Haro: I laughing to myself because he's
Christina Haro: Because when I get upset and I tell him stuff. He tells me Oh mom just so menopausal
Gwenevere Abriel: Funny. He's funny. He's got a good sense of humor.
Christina Haro: I believe I am menopausal. That's what I kept thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: That right okay well it's cute. Um, but let's see if that's the core thought about you, but it might be a start.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a funny one.
Christina Haro: I believe my mom.
Christina Haro: I don't know, I, I kept my word for it script.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So that's this. This is hard to get to these are hard. So let's just keep wandering through this network of thought, okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Flip it around. Let's play with its toggle back and forth. Now picture that he doesn't walk out the door and he ends up staying
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Now what do you believe about yourself. When he does that.
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: Well, I just believe I'm going to have a good night. And I'm not going to people as stress.
Christina Haro: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have a good night.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I just believe I'm gonna, you know. Have a good night. I'm not going to be worried, you know, because I can really happen, there's there's times you know when. He'll. He'll tell me onto the stage at home. I was watching will be it, you know, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's great. So go with that. I want you to think about. He's home or you asked him. Oh, you know, you know, you want them home. He stays home.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can finish the sentence, I believe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are hard to find.
Gwenevere Abriel: simply sit with a little bit and then I'll help a little bit more
Christina Haro: Just believe. I'm not worried. I believe
Christina Haro: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So notice how it's easier to identify the absence of fear. Fear is right. That's anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Nervous worry. Those are, it's easy to identify the relief from that distress. It's easy to identify it. But look what's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the absence of fear. So go a little deeper. Just sit with it a little bit. Now you you touched on it a little, a little bit ago actually so picture. He's there with you. You watching the movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me how you're feeling in that imagery, when you're with him, watching a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try a feeling word will go, but I'll go back to the thought the belief about the self in a minute we'll come back to it. See if you can identify how does it feel when he stays home with you.
Christina Haro: It feels, it feels great. It feels right. Okay. We're home safe, you know, we're we're together, we, you know, it feels, it feels great. You know, it feels feels good one. We're all here together. You know, I'm
Okay.
Christina Haro: Yeah, we're
Christina Haro: I don't know, I, the word can't come to Jane. Does the word tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll get there and some of it's just not a familiarity with using emotion words. You know what I mean, some people just don't don't do it very often. So it's this kind of awkward thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but you give me really good clues and you've right you're, you're kind of creating these little breadcrumbs for yourself because you've got, I feel great. I feel safe. I noticed, we're together and I feel safe. I feel great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great is a
Gwenevere Abriel: A word. I never really know what it means. So I want to know. Maybe a core emotion. Let's see if I can throw out some of the core emotions. We have joy, which is happy. We have surprised we have discussed it we have fear we have anger, we have discussed
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame.
Christina Haro: You don't have to stay home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Yeah, okay. No, get in touch with that just sort of sit with that imagery of keys. There may be sort of sitting there with you. Together, watching a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you picture this
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say about who you are.
Christina Haro: It makes me feel like a good mother.
Christina Haro: Ma. Yeah, it makes it feel like, oh, you know, I'm he's home you know he he wants to stay home and be around me. You know, he wants to spend time so it makes me feel like a good mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. So try this time when he's Tom I feel safe, we're together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I believe I am a good mother does that feel kind of the closest we've come to the truth when he's home.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: She wants to be near me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in order, right, if someone wants to be near me. Well, then I must be a good mother like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so now let's go to the the flip of that ready. Here we go. Now that uncomfortable one level 61 he just wants to go out you're upset and afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something bad will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body as it responds to that guided imagery. See what shifts and changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does that land in your body. Just now when we switched it
Christina Haro: I made it makes me feel like he doesn't want to be around me like I'm an unwanted
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see it.
Christina Haro: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to your body. Now, just as you say that, where does it land. What gets activated which shifts in the body.
Christina Haro: I get like up litter in my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the one.
Christina Haro: My heart starts pounding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach flutters and heart pounds. Then I bet you're on to some truth there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, this isn't the first time I've heard this.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little bit about with your, with your, your daughters to there's a little bit in there. I have heard that.
Christina Haro: Yes. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a piece of me right now. I'm doing. And we're going to preparation phase. It's also really useful. I get to kind of understand more and more about you, but I want to know a little bit more about
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can see if you can bridge to the earliest age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the most distressing it. We won't stay there. I won't make you tell me if you don't want to just dip into it, even if you just touch it lightly on the age and the imagery of how old this is of I am unwanted
Christina Haro: Probably my early teens.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we're talking 1314
Christina Haro: Probably more like 1213
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's 12 or 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you comfortable telling me kind of what that picture was in your mind.
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: I think that's when I started noticing how much my mom favorite. My sister more than I might one of my sisters, which is my sister. That's two years older than me. My mom always favorite for more
Christina Haro: Than the rest are developing days are developing years where I started noticing you know that there was a big difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what's her name.
Christina Haro: Her name mean that, am I na
Gwenevere Abriel: So you noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Nina was favored by your mother.
Christina Haro: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the emotion when you were aware of that.
Christina Haro: I felt them wanted. I felt like
Christina Haro: Why not me. And I just felt like
Christina Haro: I DIDN'T KNOW, HURT maybe
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What level of distress. Would you say that's out for you right now.
Christina Haro: When I think about that. Yes, very, very high. I said, but
Christina Haro: At 9089 about at
Gwenevere Abriel: About 80 okay
Christina Haro: Yeah, it starts it starts going up there.
Christina Haro: There's a lot of times I don't even like to think about it.
Christina Haro: No, I just
Christina Haro: Don't
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember I was telling you earlier that
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of what
Gwenevere Abriel: When we pull it up. Notice I don't like to think about that, right, this might be something that you rather leave in a container or maybe you want to put it, you know, I'm one of those train cars and just haven't been moving away just kind of at a distance.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also know that
Gwenevere Abriel: And I haven't really assessed whether this is where we might start. But if we think about it. Notice when you brought it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we do some MTR around it. You could experience some desensitization to it. So it might not be as distressing so that it could be just, just a story. It's just part of your history, it might not be as intense, which means you would have fluid access to it and it wouldn't stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Activated and possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: turning the dial upon events in your current life in your future imagination. In other words, it won't be intruding, the intensity won't be intruding unconsciously. That's what's neat about this work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. I was saying, well, what we monitor right now notice we're monitoring it. We're right here in inactive memory here and working memory. We're sitting with this this imagery you you literally changing it by pulling it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And talking about it with me here. It's changing every time we pull something up we change the memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really wild, you know, it's like well what do I want my relationship with this memory. Do we do I want to stay resentful and angry or do I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of Change My Relationship with that imagery and that memory. You know, do I want to hold on to this resentment and anger and fear and
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to change it.
It's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's up there at an ad right now so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to something really low.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just put almost a zero. I mean, we're talking could be a
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and low something that's not 100 which is so much anger so distressing that you can't even think straight right you're, you're almost like
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally dissociating it's so intense. Um, but picture something really, really, really low. It's just for just a few just a little irritant, let's say, what would be very, very low.
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: Okay, thinking
Christina Haro: I don't know, um, something really low to me is like, I'm
Christina Haro: Like when asked me when I tell my son when I get home, you know, or I'll call him and tell him, hey you're home and he tells me guess. And then I tell him, can you wash the dishes and throw the trash. And then I come home and they're still there that's low
Christina Haro: That upset, it's the usual but I get upset, but I don't get, you know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what number. Should we give that one.
Christina Haro: And that was like a like a 10%
Gwenevere Abriel: Bought it. Yeah, that's where I had it anyway. So that's great. So I tell my son fine when you get home, or when you get home. You want to see that the dishes or washing the trash us out.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get upset.
Christina Haro: I can say, Yeah, but you know, I'm
Christina Haro: I see years ago, I used to get more upset, but now that I'm getting older, things have kind of mellowed out. And to me, it's like, whatever you do it myself. You know, it's like
Christina Haro: In a bother me much. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm just see if, again, just sort of working on sort of this language of labeling upset upset for different people might be a different combination of emotions what emotion, are we talking about here.
Christina Haro: Um, give me the like washing dishes and stuff.
Christina Haro: Yeah, no, I don't. I may be, um,
Christina Haro: To me being upset is like a
Christina Haro: being upset to to me is like being like, like a scolding kind of upset I'm in the spotlight. I get upset and you know go off the deep end, no to me up Susan's down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can find an emotion language word scolding is what you do to him.
Christina Haro: Yeah, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not an emotion that's a, that's a parenting technique right
Christina Haro: I get a little map.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little go with a little bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you notice I used to get really, is it really mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. Okay, now I get it. Okay. And then now it's about 10
Christina Haro: It's not but
Gwenevere Abriel: You can still think and basically you sounds like you don't even scold or redirect or lecture you just go do it yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Christina Haro: I'll just do it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, take some time and think about your, your, your current life. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thinking about what has been bringing the distress level up to maybe into that, but somewhere between maybe 6080 that's been
Gwenevere Abriel: On your mind. You know, it might be a you mentioned your daughter. I'm not sure if that's what's going on. I might still be about your son, I don't know, might be about, I don't know what. So just take some time and just reflect back kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Where your worries and your fears.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I think I get really did. I think I get really, really distressed and it really goes up when I think about my older dog.
Christina Haro: Because I'm
Christina Haro: Oh, do you want me to tell you why.
Christina Haro: I get. I get. I get really upset because I stopped to think I wasn't, you know, I was, I know when I look back at
Christina Haro: Me as a parent.
Christina Haro: Um, I, I tried to do. I tried to do things different and active front and totally
Christina Haro: The opposite of how my mom was okay so I
Christina Haro: I never ever singled one out. I never, you know, favorite one more. Um, but yeah, she
Christina Haro: For some reason has in her mind that
Christina Haro: That I was like a horrible Mom You know those things that she told me that I stayed thinking, Wait a minute, you know. So I asked my other kids. I tell them I got a multi I asked them.
Christina Haro: Because I really like that I mean seriously you guys tell me the truth. And they're like, No, Mom, why are you even listening to her, you know, she's just totally flipped. That's what the time she slipped out, don't, don't miss it.
Christina Haro: You know, and she doesn't do drugs, she's you know she's not a drug addict or anything. I mean, she's just totally started in her mind that I was just this horrible parents. Parents that just, I don't know. She just
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she say you did or didn't do. What are the patients.
Christina Haro: Accusations is that I was a bad mom is that all that, um, I used to Peter. That's what she said. And I'm like, I never even spank them.
Christina Haro: I said, you know, and I looked at my kids are sick today. Repeat, you guys. And they're like, No, they haven't even listened to her, don't listen to her. She's just ties to you know make you mad, you know,
Christina Haro: I've always every time she ended up
Christina Haro: If things didn't go. Good for her, you know, cuz she left home, which was about 19 so she will get with her boyfriend. So after that, I didn't see her for a while but
Christina Haro: When things would go down here as you come home. I always gave her publicist, he always stayed with me. But things always ended up and she just does not like she doesn't like authority. She doesn't like for you to actually
Christina Haro: Like give her any advice she can she she could be talking to you, and you're fine. Laughing But if you say one little thing that he doesn't like she will flip out as she likes to I think she's bipolar.
Christina Haro: And she just will totally flip out and at accuse you have the weirdest things. Yeah.
Christina Haro: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, um, let's talk a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: He said something about, then it would get bad, like what do you, what do you
Christina Haro: Oh yeah, I had her arrested twice for hitting me
Christina Haro: Twice.
Christina Haro: She just totally would flip out and you know I backed away and try to walk out and she'd been after me. And then she started telling me, look at me, look at me and
Christina Haro: If I would turn around, look at her. Then all sudden, you know, the first time she hit me right across the face and then the second time she
Christina Haro: Showed me against the wall slamming against the wall and I, you know, you know. And actually, when the policeman came, you know, when he told me
Christina Haro: He told me that I should get I should get her and spank her like the little girl. He says, Get the inspector. Maybe that's what she really needs. That's what the policeman told me
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, they're not you know that's not their area of
Expertise
Christina Haro: But you know, I stopped to think I never, you know, even at that moment when she was so aggressive with me. I still didn't do it, you know. And I told her you know Kareena I
Christina Haro: You know, I really don't know. I really don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what distress level, are we talking about here.
Christina Haro: Oh, I'm talking about
Christina Haro: Right, all the way to the top. That's like 100% yeah
Christina Haro: I try not to think I try not to think about it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, what level of distress you.
Christina Haro: Thinking about it at 100%
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, okay. That's really high.
Gwenevere Abriel: G.
Christina Haro: To really can. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where's that that landing in the body. What are you noticing right now hit scan of your body all the way from the feet, move it up to the ankles and legs.
Christina Haro: The knee. Good. I just feel like my whole body starts to shake and then I know I yeah I feel like my head, my like my heart's pounding in my head and I feel like I feel like my face gets really red and hot. I just I just feel it all over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Faces ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What right now. What are you saying about yourself, what's the what you believe about yourself right now.
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: I guess.
Christina Haro: If you were to ask me this a few years ago. When it first happened, I would have told you, maybe I am a bad mom.
Christina Haro: But, you know, after all this does happen, and I've taken a look at it. And my kids are older and I could talk to them about it. I know I'm with her. I know I did nothing wrong and I don't feel like I'm a bad mother. I don't feel that with
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone
Christina Haro: Asked me a few years ago with a total. Gosh, I'm a bad mom. Look how she turned out, but now i don't i don't feel that anymore. I've gotten past that to where I can actually say it's it's not me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I
Christina Haro: Said I get upset because I get upset, thinking about it because there's nothing I could do about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There go without one. Tell me more about that one belief about you. There's nothing I can do about it. Tell me more about that one.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I feel like me being her mom, I should be able to get her, as you know, I'll say, you know, slapper and make you wake up, but I mean,
Christina Haro: I don't mean literally slapper. You know what I mean. I mean, I wish to get her Hugger and make her understand that what she's feeling is inside of her and it's not everybody else, you know,
Christina Haro: But I can't do it. There's nothing I could do, you know, I've tried all kinds of stuff. You know, I take telling her, you know, I told her one day. Why don't we go to counseling. Well, why don't you go to counseling, you know, I'll go with you.
Christina Haro: Oh, to the never said that she flipped out and told me
Christina Haro: She says, I did telling me I'm crazy. She says, Why don't you look at yourself in the mirror. She says, you're the problem you're the crazy one
Christina Haro: But, you know, after all this time. Now I look at it and I say, you know, really, in reality, it's not me.
Christina Haro: You know, I know it's not me with her with what goes on between me and her. I know it's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, as you say that pay attention to your whole body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. Anything shifting, as you say, I know it's not me what she's going through is in her
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it feel any different or the same right now.
Christina Haro: No, it, it starts
Christina Haro: The Hundred percent goes to kind of go down, go down and then I started to feel like
Christina Haro: Like a sigh of relief. You know, I feel
Christina Haro: I feel like I'm just really. I know it's not me. I can actually go from 100% down to like, you know, really low, because I know it's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so one more piece on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, what would you like to be thinking about what's going on with Katrina, would you like to be thinking about yourself.
Christina Haro: Thinking
Christina Haro: In the way that I could do something or in the way of how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just tell me what you're thinking right now.
Christina Haro: And thinking. I wish I could pick up the phone and call her.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you picked up the phone and call her. What would that say about you.
Christina Haro: It say that I care. You know that I love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love her.
Christina Haro: By the way, he just had a baby.
Christina Haro: She had a big
Christina Haro: She just had a baby. She had a baby.
Christina Haro: A few weeks ago. Perfect.
Christina Haro: So I haven't even seen the new baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning does that have for you. You're, you're working really hard for this.
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: It's hurtful. It's hurtful.
Christina Haro: Because I also have a 10 year old granddaughter with her.
Christina Haro: So I can't see either one of them. So it's hurtful. It hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hurt a sad feeling
Christina Haro: Yeah, just as good
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 10 year old granddaughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: The feeling is sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're feeling sad right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you come down a little bit. But as you sit with that sadness go into what does this say about who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, nice and slow, until you find it.
Christina Haro: No, I. It just says I'm a good mom. I'm a good person, because I, I feel, I feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, I want to do a little bit of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral stimulation here. So I want to test the, the blue here. I want to be able to see your eyes and see if they're going
Gwenevere Abriel: enough distance. Okay, so let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we want is for them to be moving left and right, not all the way where it's strange, your eyes. We want i movement to be going like
Gwenevere Abriel: My eyes like ding, ding, ding, so about about a foot and a half. If you're too far away, then they won't move. But a few inches. You see, but if you're a little closer. So let's just see what it looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to keep an eye on you just, let's just do a little test little test here. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're looking left and right.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Show me with your hands, how the distance that the eyes are moving. Put your hands up and show me the distance out there. What you're looking at me see. Okay, let's move those a little bit of part
Gwenevere Abriel: Not your hands, the actual objects, your coffee cups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just an inch on each side. And now, how, how far those about you. I see your arms about that line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, and you're about what shoulder to tip of your finger away from from the object you're about this far away.
Christina Haro: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. You put your hands down. Okay. Excellent. Alright, so I think we're going to go with. We're going to go with that. We're going to do a little bit of and this is just going to be the
Gwenevere Abriel: So Christina. What I'd like you to do is I'd like you to pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: So if this. I don't know if the imagery is in the past, or maybe it's a current trigger or maybe it's something a fear in the future. I don't know. You decide that, but just go ahead and call it up into your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Around Katrina.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'd like you to do is I want you to picture all of the qualities of your guardian angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember all of the team.
Christina Haro: If just
Gwenevere Abriel: Really let them be present with you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's go left and right so just watch it when it reaches left and right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nice slow one
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and hold that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And the presence and quality of your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: in through your nose together. Inhale and exhale out.
Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just pay attention to what's coming up for you. What are you noticing are your thoughts go your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice calmness.
Christina Haro: This yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's the bonding.
Christina Haro: Come, I don't feel like
Christina Haro: I don't feel like any any stress or nothing. Okay. So really, you know, calm and clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are some thoughts that are going through your mind.
Christina Haro: I'm just I you know I i just i just think, you know, I hope she's okay you know I hope she's doing okay. I hope you know
Christina Haro: She finds her way, you know, that's all I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope. She finds her way. Let's go with that. Once you do pull up the worst image. Now, is this a future image. Is that what you're pulling up as this worst thing is that something or something that happened.
Christina Haro: Something that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so pull that up trying to pull up the WORST piece of it okay that whatever that worst
Gwenevere Abriel: Images first part. And also, I hope she's okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And have this sense of also if you can this team is nearby its surrounding you this quality of protection and nurturing
And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember to bring it into that belly and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, and let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Christina Haro: Let's see, really. I'm like, kind of like at a blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's pay attention to the body. What do you, what do you notice if you just sort of scan through it.
Christina Haro: My heart's beating you know little fast, but I got no flutter and my stomach. I just I just feel, I feel okay I feel calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: The feeling is calm the hardest beating and is it that the thought is blank that your mind is blank.
Christina Haro: Mm hmm. I just feel a calmness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what to stress level from zero to 100 are you at right now.
Christina Haro: Probably nothing like maybe 5% i wish i thought with this all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that. Let's continue to read this in and I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I know it was a past event. So it's something right that worst image with Katrina, I'm assuming, and I feel calm paying really close attention to the beating heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring the presence of
Gwenevere Abriel: Your team this nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom and protection guardian angel and dad, the other pieces. Pull up into your awareness that worst image about event, the presence and quality of your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathe it in to the beating heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss look at the got together as it reaches left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe. Then, nice. Inhale, big belly breath picture goes into that diaphragm and let's exhale, let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a moment to pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you, what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you finding
Christina Haro: I I'm finding like calmness. I was just thinking I'm
Christina Haro: Happy
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're at the top of the hour and I want you to just sort of reflect on what happened. Notice how you started at 100. It was the whole body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you kind of brained, it brought in this team right
Gwenevere Abriel: And you shifted some of the thinking you allowed some of that other thinking to come in right hope she's okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: The calm started to come in and the thoughts weren't sort of maybe what is negative.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the heart right now. How's it doing
Christina Haro: I mean, I can feel it leading but not like it was before I could feel it in my head, I could feel it just pounding when I thought about stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically went from 100 to five and even lower. I don't know what is it right now. What's your stress level now.
Christina Haro: Button. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at how far you came from that down. So look at how powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: Being able to concentrate on something being present with what normally member, you were saying, I don't like to think about it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now you've had the experience of sitting with brought it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remembered right your team and kind of the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're able to have a calm body.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's amazing. Yeah.
Christina Haro: It felt it felt good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything left, is there anything that you want to put on the train or anything you want to put in the container.
Christina Haro: Not yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so right, you're, you're in a calm space right now.
It's nice. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about what we're meeting again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, on Friday. Right.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his, his medication of rich to today.
Christina Haro: No.
Christina Haro: He started up till Friday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's continue working through
Gwenevere Abriel: About February 10 at the same time.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If anything comes up, if I'm, if you realize right after here like I really invite you to go cross check any appointments, they have just let me know as soon as you can. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Excellent. Christina. I will see you on Friday. Be good to you and pay attention if anything comes up, you might have more energy might have less just kind of realized that you did. You did an important activity this morning. Some changes might be happening.
Christina Haro: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you soon. Okay.
Christina Haro: Bye bye.